docs: Update steps.mdx documentation (#2232)
shuding/nextra: docs/pages/docs/guide/built-ins/steps.mdx

Contents for step 2.
</Steps>
```

> ### Excluding headings from Table of Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Excluding Headings from Table of Contents
```

Contents for step 2.
</Steps>
```

> If you want to exclude the steps from the table of contents, replace the markdown h3 headings with `{<h3>Title</h3>}`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to exclude the steps (or any other headings) from the table of contents, replace the markdown h3 headings with `{<h3>Title</h3>}`.
```

> If you don't want the steps to be visible in the table of contents, replace the markdown h3 headings with `{<h3>Title</h3>}`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to exclude the steps from the table of contents, replace the markdown h3 headings with `{<h3>Title</h3>}`.
```
